>> AlexNet was developed at the University of Toronto by Alex Krizhevsky,
Ilya Sutskever and their professor Geoffrey Hinton.
Although the fundamental architecture of AlexNet resembled LeNet from 1998,
AlexNet was a breakthrough in several respects.
>> First and foremost, AlexNet used
the massive parallelism afforded by GPUs to accelerate training.
Using the best GPUs available in 2012,
the AlexNet team was able to train the network in about a week.
Additionally, AlexNet pioneered the use of Rectified Linear Units as
an activation function and dropout is a technique for avoiding overfitting.
>> In 2011, the year before AlexNet was developed,
the winner of the ImageNet competition successfully classified 74% of images,
or in the terminology of the competition,
its error was 26%.
The next year, AlexNet lowered its error to 15%.
This was a huge leap forward.